So before we start building our
applications on our local development
environment, we have some tools
that we need to download.
Node js is one, emulator is another one.
And if you're on iOS devices,
WebEx are vivre.
And one thing that we will be
doing is serving our pages and
save just opening the files.
So we need a web server
you can use any server.
If you would like to use the Python
server or create your own.
You can do that but
if you don't want to deal with that,
one extension that is really useful
is the web server for Chrome.
What you do is you just give
the whole folder structure to it and
it's serves all files
starting from index.html.
So, this is the cultural for developments.
And one thing that is important for,
VXR is it has to be served
over HTTPS instead of HTTP.
So if you have an experience created and
if you are running into issues
that's one thing to look into.
Any, code editor will be
useful to work with but
I do use Visual Studio Code.
And if you would like to download,
it's a free download.
It's an open source tool.
And Visual Studio Code also have a live
server extension that you can download and
serve your files from.
For our example,
I did have create a server so
you don't have to worry about it.
As I mentioned, type threeJS both threeJS
and BabylonJS are written with TypeScript.
Anytime a project is
written in TypeScript,
it's much better idea to work with
TypeScript instead of JavaScript.
Because what TypeScript gives you
is the extra type definition which
allows us to get some tips from our editor
about how to implement our functions,
or what values that we have to pass in for
some of the methods.
If you are scared of TypeScript, don't be,
it has five minutes introduction
if you're interested.
And learn x and y is another resource that
I go to anytime I need a little refresher.
And other than that, if you just copy and
paste the JavaScript code,
it will still work on a Ts file.
The only difference is that we have
to compile to JavaScript which
are scripts in the folder that we
are going to work is going to do.
So you don't have to
worry about that either.
And, or if you don't have Github
you can create an account or
just go to the repository and
download it instead of cloning it.
We will use Chrome Dev Tools.
You can use edge dev tools as well,
they are the same ones.
But Firefox is not the one
that I'm familiar with so
we're going to use that one.
We are ready to start developing
our in our local environments.
If you have already downloaded
the resources that I mentioned earlier,
now you can check out this repository,
you have to clone it and
then go into the folder and
npm install everything and
we will run the development environments.
So let's take a look at
our Github repository and
get ourselves familiar with.
I always start reading
a report from the bottom.
First thing I look at is the NPM modules,
and
once you are here,
if you are using visual studio,
your code, you can type in control,
shift, p to open up your input.
[LAUGH] I don't know what is this called.
And create a new terminal If
you already don't have one.
And you can use an external terminal or
anything else you are in,
you feel comfortable with.
So once we are in the workshop folder,
I'm going to run npm install and
wait for it to install.
The code that we are writing is going
to be under source and under clients.
We have ar.ts but we are going
to start from the earth.ts.
And once we run our npm run dev scripts,
what it will do is turn TypeScript code
into JavaScript code inside this folder